Devx-1063: Deprecation notes (#161)
iZettle/api-documentation: README.md

# Zettle Go API Beta Documentation

> :warning: **Starting May 9, 2022, this repository is deprecated and will no longer be used to make any documentation updates.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: **Starting May 9, 2022, this repository is deprecated and will no longer be updated.** 
```

Author: Fixed
